---
ID: 29
post_title: 'Capitol Code: An Open Data Jam'
author: Bill Bushey
post_date: 2014-01-15 13:48:44
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://capitolcode.mn.gov/2014/01/announcing-capitol-code-an-open-data-jam/
published: true
---
You’re Invited — 
## Capitol Code: An Open Data Jam • February 22, 2014 The Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State and its partners are proud to invite you to Capitol Code: An Open Data Jam, to help build the Minnesota of the 21st century using public data — and your ideas. All citizens are welcome to generate ideas and solutions alongside analysts, business and community leaders, designers, government officials, media, software innovators and others. 

### What: Capitol Code: An Open Data Jam is a one-day event driven by passionate and engaged citizens given the opportunity to explore and drive solutions using public data from the Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State. Participants are called on to apply existing technologies or build new applications using public data. The Capitol Code public data sets available are related to voting and elections, such as polling place data and election results, as well as information from the office’s Business Services Division. 

> “Public data is a tremendous resource for Minnesotans, and I’m excited to see the innovation, new business and employment opportunities that can be generated by using this information.” - Secretary of State Mark Ritchie
### When: 9 a.m. – 5:30 p.m., Saturday, February 22. 

### Where: CoCo Uptown 1010 W. Lake St., Suite 100 Minneapolis, MN 55408 (612) 345 - 4201 

#### Parking CoCo recommends participants use the 

<a href=" http://www.calhounsquare.com/parking/" target="_blank">Calhoun Square Ramp</a>, located 2.5 blocks west on Lake Street. Limited, free street parking can also be found around CoCo. 
### Why: Minnesota needs your ideas, energy, diverse perspectives and skills to ignite innovation that can result in great solutions for our communities.